Chapter 1 – Overview Of Company 
 
NAME OF COMPANY: 
We3vision Private Limited 
 
TYPE: 
SMALL SCALE  
 
FULL ADDRESS: 
936 A, Ishwar Darshan, Bhim Kachchhi Mohallo, Nanpura, Surat 395003, Gujarat, India 
 
CONTACT PERSON INFORMATION:  
Parth Patel  
+91 73832 16096 
parth@we3vision.com 
 
FOUNDER/MD:  
Mr. Harsh P Ramoliya 
harsh@we3vision.com 
 
COMPANY INFORMATION:  
We3vision Private Limited 
+91 76007 72240 
info@we3vision.com 
www.we3vision.com 
936 A, Ishwar Darshan, Bhim Kachchhi Mohallo, Nanpura, Surat – 395003, Gujarat, India 
 
SKILL REQUIREMENTS TO GET RECRUITMENT: 
Excellent coding and reading skills. Complex problem solving and ability to multitask.

Chapter 2 - Introduction 
2.1 Overview of  project 
The Implement of “Debugmate” into website is for increase productivity and interactive 
understanding about the project. The web-based platform with an Integrated Intelligence 
chatbot designed to streamline the project management, role administration, and user 
interaction. The platform provides a centralized dashboard where users can efficiently 
access project-related information. However, project management capabilities are restricted 
based on the role management system, ensuring that only authorized users, such as 
administrators or HR personnel, can create, update, or manage projects, while general users 
are limited to viewing or interacting with assigned tasks.  
A key highlight of platform is Chatbot module, which is designed to improve problem
solving, communication, and feedback collection. The chatbot acts as a virtual assistant for 
employees, helping them troubleshoot project-related issues, answer queries, and provide 
guidance in real time. It supports dual chat functionality, where employees can interact with 
the system to resolve errors or seek clarifications related to their tasks. 
In addition to support and troubleshooting, the chatbot also serves as a feedback tool, 
allowing users to report website issues, share concerns, and suggest improvements. This not 
only enhances the system’s reliability but also make faster and continuous improvement 
based on user insights. 
The Project module consists of a project form for submitting new projects and a project 
description section that supports two distinct views: table view and card view, enabling 
users to analyze and organize data according to their preference. This flexible representation 
of project data enhances usability and decision-making. 
 
The Role modules provide functionality to allows administrators to manage roles and 
permission through a role management system, while also offering the ability to create and 
send emails to employees for project updates or Task assignment. 
The Settings module focuses on user personalization and accessibility. It enables users to 
manage their profiles and customize the platform appearance through a light or dark theme, 
ensuring a tailored user experience. 
2.2 Problem Statement 
In many organizations, employees often face difficulties in quickly accessing accurate project 
information and general company knowledge. Searching through multiple documents, 
databases, or asking colleagues can be time-consuming and inefficient. This slows down 
decision-making, reduces productivity, and increases the chances of errors. There is a need 
for an intelligent system that can provide instant, role-based, and reliable answers to 
employees’ questions, making information access faster and more efficient. 
2.3 Objectives of the Project 
 Faster Information Access: Employees can quickly get project details and company 
information. 
 Role-Based Security: Users will only see information relevant to their role, keeping 
sensitive data safe. 
 Improved Productivity: Less time searching for information means employees can 
focus more on their work. 
 Better Decision-Making: Accurate and timely information helps employees make 
informed decisions. 
 
 Enhanced Collaboration: Teams can communicate and share knowledge more 
efficiently using the chatbot. 
 Better Client Requirement Fulfillment: Employees can access precise project 
details, helping to meet client needs more effectively. 
 Intelligent Assistance: The chatbot provides interactive, accurate, and helpful 
answers to employee queries. 
2.4 The Need of Platform  
Managing projects and roles manually often results in inefficiency, errors, and lack of proper 
access control within organizations. A centralized digital platform is required to organize 
project details, assign responsibilities securely, and provide users with a personalized 
workspace. 
The proposed system fulfils this need by offering a dashboard-based platform where project 
information can be submitted, stored, and viewed in both table and card formats. This 
structured approach helps users analyse project data more effectively and make informed 
decisions. 
Role management is another critical aspect, as not all users should have equal access to 
project operations. Through the role management system, administrators and HR personnel 
can control permissions, ensuring that only authorized users manage project details, while 
general users have restricted access. 
In addition, the platform supports user personalization, enabling profile management and 
theme customization (light or dark mode) to enhance accessibility and comfort. 
All data, including project details, role assignments, and user settings, are securely stored in 
a Supabase database, ensuring scalability, reliability, and seamless management.

Chapter 4 - System Implementation 
4.1 Development Environment 
The project was developed using the following tools, frameworks, and environments: 
 Programming Language: Python 3.11 
 Frameworks: Flask (Backend), React.js (Frontend) 
 Database: Supabase (PostgreSQL-based) 
 Vector Database: ChromaDB for RAG-based document search 
 AI/NLP Tools: LangChain, Hugging Face SentenceTransformerEmbeddings, 
OpenRouter API (Gemini 2.5 Flash) 
 IDE/Editors: Visual Studio Code (for backend & chatbot), WebStorm/VS Code (for 
frontend), pgAdmin (for database checks) 
 Version Control: Git & GitHub 
 Dependency Management: Virtual Environment (venv), pip 
 Other Tools: Postman (API testing), dotenv (environment variable management) 
 Environment setup  
 #Create Python venv 
python -m venv  
source venv/bin/activate 
  
 #Install deps (example) 
pip install -r requirements.txt 
 #node frontend 
cd frontend  
npm install 
  npm run start  
 #backend chatbot  
cd backend  
Python app.py 
4.2 Step-by-Step Implementation Process 
This is the practical flow we followed to implement the system. 
1. Project scaffolding 
 Create separate repositories or folders: /backend (Flask), /frontend (React), 
/infrastructure (docker, k8s manifests). 
 Initialize Git, create .gitignore, and basic README. 
2. Environment & secrets 
Add .env.example with required variables (SUPABASE_URL, SUPABASE_KEY, 
OPENROUTER_KEY, CHROMA_CONFIG, FLASK_ENV). 
 Load secrets from environment variables in code (never commit keys). 
3. Database & schema (Supabase) 
 Create projects, user_perms, employee_login, user_memory tables (as designed). 
 Add indexes on frequently queried columns (e.g., project_name, assigned_to). 
 Implement row-level security policies if needed (enforce RBAC). 
4. RAG ingestion pipeline 
 Write ingestion scripts to: 
o Load documents (PDFs, DOCX, text). 
o Preprocess (clean, normalize). 
o Chunk using RecursiveCharacterTextSplitter. 
o Create embeddings with SentenceTransformers. 
o Upsert documents/chunks into ChromaDB. 
 Schedule or trigger ingestion when new docs are uploaded. 
5. Backend APIs 
 Auth endpoints (login, refresh) using Supabase or custom. 
 Chat endpoint(s) to receive user query → pipeline: 
o Authenticate & load user role. 
o Check Supabase for structured answers (projects, direct fields). 
o If needed, search ChromaDB (semantic search). 
o Sanitize & filter context by role. 
o Build prompt + pass to LLM (OpenRouter/Gemini). 
o Return response and optionally save to user_memomory. 
4.3 Deployment Process 
The deployment process for the AI Chatbot Project involves hosting the frontend on 
Hostinger and the backend on Hugging Face Spaces. The backend is developed using Python 
Flask, and the frontend is built with React.js. The process ensures secure API communication 
and resolves cross-domain (CORS) issues between the two servers. 
1. Frontend Deployment 
I. Build the Frontend Application 
o Run the following command in the project directory: 
npm run build 
o This will generate a build folder containing production-ready files. 
II. Deploy on Hostinger 
o Log in to the Hostinger control panel. 
o Go to Website List → debugmate.we3vision.com → File Manager. 
o Navigate to the public_html directory. 
o Upload all files from the build folder into the public_html folder. 
o After uploading, the frontend will be live on your Hostinger domain. 
 
2. Backend Deployment 
I. Create a Space on Hugging Face 
o Go to Hugging Face Spaces. 
o Click on Create Space. 
o Choose a name and select the Flask (Python) environment. 
II. Add Backend Files 
o Upload all backend files (including app.py, model files, requirements.txt, etc.) 
to the created space. 
III. Build the Space 
o Once files are uploaded, the space will automatically start building. 
o Wait for the status to show Running. 
IV. Get the Backend Link 
o After successful deployment, copy the Hugging Face Space URL. 
Example: 
https://krishnathummae17-debug-chatbot.hf.space 
 
3. Connect Backend to Frontend 
I. Add Backend Link in Frontend Code 
o Open your frontend project files (e.g., workchat.js, communication.js, 
peoplechat.js, dualchatbot.js). 
o Add your backend API URL inside the fetch request: 
await fetch("https://krishnathummae17-debug-chatbot.hf.space/route", { 
        method: "POST", 
        headers: { "Content-Type": "application/json" }, 
  credentials: "include", 
 
II. Ensure Correct Route Paths 
o Replace /route with the specific API route defined in your Flask backend. 
 
4. Handling Cross-Domain (CORS) Errors in Flask 
When connecting the Flask backend to the frontend hosted on another domain, cross
origin issues can occur. To fix this, add CORS middleware in app.py. 
Add the following code in app.py: 
CORS( 
    app, 
    resources={r"/*": {"origins": "https://debugmate.we3vision.com/"}}, 
    supports_credentials=True, 
    expose_headers=["Authorization"], 
    allow_headers=["Content-Type", "Authorization"] 
 ) 
 
app.config.update( 
    SESSION_COOKIE_SAMESITE="None",  # allows cross-domain usage 
    SESSION_COOKIE_SECURE=True       # must be HTTPS 
) 
 
5. Securing Flask API with Authorization Token 
When using sessions or APIs across different origins, an authentication layer prevents 
unauthorized access. 
Backend (Flask) Code : 
def verify_api_key(): 
    token = request.headers.get("Authorization") 
    return token == "Bearer debugmate123" 
 
Frontend Code : 
Add the same token to your fetch headers: 
await fetch("https://krishnathummae17-debug-chatbot.hf.space/route", { 
        method: "POST", 
        headers: { "Content-Type": "application/json" }, 
  credentials: "include", 
Authorization : “Bearer debugmate123” 
 
This ensures that only authorized frontend requests can access the Flask backend. 
 
6. Final Testing 
 Test the deployed website link from Hostinger. 
 Check the chatbot functionality and backend connection. 
 Verify that API requests return successful responses without CORS or authorization 
errors. 
 
4.4 Frontend 
The frontend of the "Debugmate" platform is designed as an interactive, user-friendly web
based interface to enhance productivity and streamline project management, role 
administration, and user engagement with integrated AI chatbot support. 
4.4.1 Technology Stack 
The frontend of the proposed platform is implemented using modern web technologies and 
libraries to ensure a responsive, scalable, and user-friendly interface. The following tools 
and frameworks have been utilized: 
 React.js : 
o Core JavaScript library for building interactive and reusable UI components. 
o Provides efficient state management and Virtual DOM rendering for high 
performance. 
 React Router DOM : 
o Enables client-side routing and seamless navigation between modules such 
as Dashboard, Projects, Roles, Settings, and Chatbot. 
 React Bootstrap & Bootstrap 5 : 
o Used for building responsive layouts and pre-styled UI components. 
o Incorporates the Bootstrap Grid system for structured alignment and 
adaptability across devices. 
 Tailwind CSS (utility-first styling) : 
o Provides flexible and customizable design options with minimal CSS. 
o Enhances productivity in creating modern and visually consistent UI. 
 Material UI (MUI) : 
o Provides additional modern UI components such as buttons, icons, and 
layouts. 
o Ensures a professional and consistent design standard. 
 Emotion & Styled-Components : 
o CSS-in-JS solutions for styling React components dynamically. 
o Allows modular and theme-based customization. 
 React Toastify : 
o Provides user-friendly notifications for actions such as form submission, 
success messages, or error alerts. 
 Recharts & React Circular Progressbar : 
o Used for data visualization and progress tracking within the dashboard. 
o Supports interactive charts, graphs, and progress indicators. 
 React Icons & MUI Icons : 
o Library of vector icons used to enhance UI representation and accessibility. 
 React Markdown : 
o Supports rendering of formatted text and markdown content in project 
descriptions or documentation views. 
 Lottie React : 
o Adds animations to enhance user engagement and interface interactivity. 
 Supabase JS SDK : 
o Provides frontend integration with the Supabase backend for authentication, 
data storage, and retrieval. 
4.4.2 Features & Functionality 
 Frontend Features include: 
 A centralized Dashboard displaying an overview of open and completed projects, 
total projects, and quick access project cards showing basic details such as date, 
summary, and project status. 
 Flexible Project Module enabling users to submit new projects via a detailed form and 
view project descriptions using both table view and card view for efficient data 
organization and analysis. 
 Role Management interface for administrators and HR personnel to manage user 
roles, permissions, and employee data including emailing capabilities for task 
assignment and project updates. 
 Comprehensive Chatbot Module integrated within the UI to facilitate dual chat 
interactions, serving as a real-time assistant for troubleshooting, guidance, and 
feedback collection directly on the platform interface. 
 Settings and Personalization panels to allow users to manage their profiles and 
customize the platform appearance with light and dark theme options, enhancing 
accessibility and user comfort. 
 Responsive layout elements such as modals, side menus, buttons, and badges 
designed for intuitive navigation and seamless interaction across devices. 
 Secure integration with a backend database (Supabase) reflected in the frontend by 
dynamic data fetching, updates, and role-based content rendering to enforce 
appropriate access controls. 
 Frontend Functionality: 
The frontend of the platform provides a wide range of functionalities that enhance user 
interaction, simplify workflows, and ensure role-based accessibility. These include: 
 Dashboard Functionalities 
o Displays real-time project statistics such as total projects, ongoing tasks, and completed 
projects. 
o Provides quick-access project cards showing summary, status, and key dates. 
o Allows users to directly navigate to detailed project views. 
 Project Module Functionalities 
o Enables users to submit project details including name, description, dates, technologies, 
and team members through a structured form. 
o Automatically stores submitted project data in the Supabase database for secure 
management. 
o Allows switching between Table View (structured data analysis) and Card View (visual 
summaries) for project descriptions. 
 Role Management Functionalities 
o Supports role-based access control ensuring only Admin/HR can create or update project 
details. 
o Provides the ability to assign roles to employees and manage their access permissions. 
o Includes a built-in emailing system for task assignments and project updates. 
 Chatbot Functionalities 
o The General Chatbot provides employees with quick everyday assistance by answering 
technical queries, coding questions, and company-related information using internal 
knowledge sources and AI. 
o Facilitates dual chat interactions to resolve project-related queries in real-time. 
o Connects to a Python Flask API to provide solutions for errors and technical issues. 
o Collects user feedback to continuously improve the platform. 
 Settings & Personalization Functionalities 
o Allows users to update their profiles with personal information. 
o Provides theme switching between light and dark modes for improved accessibility. 
 UI/UX Functionalities 
o Ensures responsive layouts using Bootstrap Grid and Tailwind CSS. 
o Implements reusable UI components such as modals, buttons, and side menus for 
intuitive navigation. 
o Integrates React Toastify notifications for real-time success/error alerts. 
 Database Connectivity Functionalities 
o Fetches project data dynamically from Supabase and renders it on the UI. 
o Updates records automatically after form submissions or edits. 
o Enforces role-based content rendering to restrict unauthorized access. 
4.4.3 UI/UX Design Principles 
The frontend design of the platform follows established UI/UX principles to ensure a 
seamless, accessible, and engaging experience for all users. The design approach 
emphasizes clarity, responsiveness, and personalization while aligning with modern web 
standards. 
Key UI/UX Principles Applied: 
 Consistency 
o Standardized use of colors, fonts, and layout patterns across the platform. 
o Reusable React components maintain uniformity in forms, buttons, and 
navigation elements. 
 Simplicity & Clarity 
o Clean layouts with minimal distractions to help users focus on tasks. 
o Clear labeling, tooltips, and icons improve discoverability of features. 
 Responsiveness 
o Built with Bootstrap Grid and Tailwind CSS to adapt seamlessly across desktops, 
tablets, and mobile devices. 
o Ensures usability regardless of screen size or orientation. 
 Accessibility 
o High-contrast themes (light and dark) improve readability. 
o Proper alt text for icons and keyboard-friendly navigation ensure inclusivity for 
all users. 
 User-Centric Personalization 
o Profile management and theme customization provide a tailored user 
experience. 
o Role-based access ensures each user sees only the features relevant to them. 
 Feedback & Guidance 
o Integrated React Toastify notifications for instant success, warning, or error 
messages. 
o The debugmate assistant provides real-time help and troubleshooting, enhancing 
user confidence.
